Performance: add large ldap data (#189)
SSSD/sssd-ci-containers: readme.md

    base-keycloak --> keycloak
```

## Pre-populated data

For performance testing we have containers with prepopulated content.

> This content is used in some topologies (e.g. BigLDAP) to avoid

Reviewer: Please mention what LDAP schema is used.

creating large amount of users and groups during the test.

### ldap container

The ldap container includes two backup datasets: `base` and `largedata`.

For your own experiments you can restore either backup using
the `dsctl bak2db` command. The Directory Server **must be stopped**
before performing the restore operation:

    systemctl stop dirsrv@localhost.service
    dsctl slapd-localhost bak2db largedata

>     systemctl start dirsrv@localhost.service

Reviewer: Should this work with 'sssd-ldap' container "out of the box" or is some configuration needed?

IIRC, in my tests I had to extend some limits in ds config to serve large groups...

Reviewer: > nsslapd-sizelimit: 15000
> nsslapd-lookthroughlimit: 10000

That exactly what I meant. Good to know it's needed for `ldapadd`/`ldapmodify` only.

### Users and groups in the containers

#### `group_1k_XY`

We have 50 groups `group_1k_01`, `group_1k_02`, .. `group_1k_50`.

Every group has 1000 users - `member_1k_<XY>_0001` to `member_1k_<XY>_1000`.

#### `group_plain_jumbo`

This is a large group containing directly 50000 users. Users in this group
are called `member_plain_jumbo_00001` .. `member_plain_jumbo_50000`

#### Nested groups

Nested group name syntax is `nested_group_<index>_<depth>`.
Groups and their content looks like

    - nested_group_1_1
        - group_1k_01
        ...
        - group_1k_10
        - nested_group_1_2
            - group_1k_11
            ...
            - group_1k_20
            - nested_group_1_3
                - group_1k_21
                ...
                - group_1k_30
    - nested_group_2_1
        - group_1k_31
        ...
        - group_1k_40
        - nested_group_2_2
            - group_1k_41
            ...
            - group_1k_50

#### Users with many groups

User `user_10k` is member of `group_1k_01` .. `group_1k_10`

> User `user_30x` is member of `group_1k_01` .. `group_1k_30`

Reviewer: `user_30x` or `user_30k`?

    base-keycloak --> keycloak
```

## Pre-populated data

For performance testing we have containers with prepopulated content.
This content is used in some topologies (e.g. BigLDAP) to avoid
creating large amount of users and groups during the test.

### ldap container

The ldap container includes two backup datasets: `base` and `largedata`.

For your own experiments you can restore either backup using
the `dsctl bak2db` command. The Directory Server **must be stopped**
before performing the restore operation:

    systemctl stop dirsrv@localhost.service
    dsctl slapd-localhost bak2db largedata
    systemctl start dirsrv@localhost.service

This is done automatically by BigLDAP topology - no need to
write extra steps in the test.

### Users and groups in the containers

In directory server we have POSIX-compatible users. All users use `posixAccount`

> and `inetUser` object classes with predefined password is `Secret123`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In directory server we have POSIX-compatible users. All users use `posixAccount`
and `inetUser` object classes with a predefined password `Secret123`.
```

Author: fixed

Groups use `posixGroup` and `groupOfNames` object classes. They have `memberUID`
and `member` attributes to support both direct user membership (`rfc2307`) and
nested groups (`rfc2307bis`).

#### `group_1k_XY`

We have 50 groups `group_1k_01`, `group_1k_02`, .. `group_1k_50`.

Every group has 1000 users - `member_1k_<XY>_0001` to `member_1k_<XY>_1000`.

#### `group_plain_jumbo`

This is a large group containing directly 50000 users. Users in this group
are called `member_plain_jumbo_00001` .. `member_plain_jumbo_50000`

#### Nested groups

Nested group name syntax is `nested_group_<index>_<depth>`.

#### `group_1k_XY`

We have 50 groups `group_1k_01`, `group_1k_02`, .. `group_1k_50`.

Every group has 1000 users - `member_1k_<XY>_0001` to `member_1k_<XY>_1000`.

#### `group_plain_jumbo`

This is a large group containing directly 50000 users. Users in this group
are called `member_plain_jumbo_00001` .. `member_plain_jumbo_50000`

#### Nested groups

> Nested group name syntax is `nested_group_<index>_<depth>`.

Reviewer 2: Duplicated text?

Author: Sorry for the mess, fixed
